https://codepen.io/ranccm11/pen/vYEExNM?editors=1000


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
semantic html gives meaning to your content.

2. What is HTML used for? 
html is used for laying out content on a web page

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
an attribute is attached to html elements and is used to identify certain tags to be styled by css


4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 is used for title and normally should be used once. 

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img, a

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
we put in the head metadata, this part is not displayed in the web browser when the page is loaded. 

7. What is an id?
an id is an attribute that is attached to an html tag and is used to style html in the css. 

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any html element you'd like to add styles to. 

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once

10. What is a class? 
a class is also an attribute used to add styles to the html tag is attached to.

11. What elements can I add a class to?
html elements

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
no limit

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add a target attribute to the anchor tags. 

14. What is the alt attribute used for?
it runs text for accessability purposes, it also provides alternative information for an image if a user
canot view it for any reason. 

15. How do I reference an id?
#id

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section is semantic while div is not. 

17. What is CSS used for?
to style an html document

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
ex: 

h2 {

}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
an id identifies a specific element and should only be used once. (like a serial number, almost), while
a class is normally used on multiple html elements. 

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
parent child selectors are useful for specificity when trying to style a specific element. 

for example, in reference to the previous quesiton: p is the 'parent' and 'human' is the child selector.
using the selector allows us to only style the p element with the class of 'human' instead of every 
single p element. 

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar{

}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
psuedo selector is a key word used to define the special state and add effects to existing elements. 
ex: having text change color when you *hover* over it

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: capitalize;
text-transform: lowercase;
text-transform: capitals;

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
border: 1px dotted black;
}

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
universal selector *

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*comment here*/

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls 

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm - have to be carful because there is no undo.

34. Why should I use version control? 


35. How often should I commit to github?
anytime a meaningful change is made and/or you get something working. (quite often!)

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
git push -u origin 'first-last'

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
>fork repo
>add TL as a collaborator
>git clone
>git checkout -b 'name'
>git add .
>check status
>git commit -m 'message'
>git push -u
>pull request
>add tl as reviewer
>*make sure youre on the right branch***
>complete pull request

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline element doesn't cause a line break and does not take up the full width of the page, only the
space bounded by its opening and closing tags. 

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
the position property shows how an element is positioned in a document. an element that is positioned 
absolutely it is positioned relative to the nearest postioned ancestor. if the element has no positioned ancestors,
it uses the document body, and moves along with page scrolling. 


3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
set the position value to absolute. 

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
block elements: h1-h6, address, div
inline elements: button
inline-block: input

5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
the box model is used for spacing and design for a web page. the 5 spacing properties used for this model are:
height, widith, padding, border, and margin. 